#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
--index-url http://ftp.daumkakao.com/pypi/simple
--trusted-host ftp.daumkakao.com

absl-py==2.0.0
    # via
    #   mediapipe
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
aiohttp==3.9.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   llama-index
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
aiostream==0.5.2
    # via llama-index
alembic==1.13.0
    # via mlflow
altair==5.2.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   streamlit
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   langchain
    #   openai
    #   starlette
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   mediapipe
    #   referencing
    #   sagemaker
awscli==1.31.6
    # via skypilot
awscliv2==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
babel==2.13.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
bcrypt==4.1.1
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   llama-index
    #   nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.7.0
    # via
    #   flask
    #   streamlit
boto3==1.33.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sagemaker
    #   sagemaker-inference
    #   skypilot
botocore==1.33.6
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
    #   skypilot
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   skypilot
    #   streamlit
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   trafilatura
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
    #   sounddevice
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   htmldate
    #   requests
    #   trafilatura
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   flask
    #   mlflow
    #   nltk
    #   skypilot
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   sagemaker
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   skypilot
    #   typer
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via executor
comm==0.2.0
    # via ipykernel
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via schema
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
courlan==0.9.5
    # via trafilatura
cryptography==41.0.7
    # via
    #   paramiko
    #   skypilot
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
databricks-cli==0.18.0
    # via mlflow
dataclasses-json==0.6.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   llama-index
dateparser==1.2.0
    # via htmldate
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via llama-index
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   multiprocess
    #   pathos
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via llama-cpp-python
distro==1.8.0
    # via openai
docker==6.1.3
    # via mlflow
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   python-daemon
entrypoints==0.4
    # via mlflow
enum-compat==0.0.3
    # via model-archiver
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
executor==23.2
    # via awscliv2
face-alignment==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.104.1
    # via gradio
fasteners==0.19
    # via executor
fastjsonschema==2.19.0
    # via nbformat
ffmpy==0.3.1
    # via gradio
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   skypilot
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
flask==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via
    #   mediapipe
    #   tensorflow
fonttools==4.46.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.12.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-index
    #   torch
future==0.18.3
    # via
    #   model-archiver
    #   multi-model-server
gast==0.5.4
    # via tensorflow
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.40
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   streamlit
google-auth==2.24.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via
    #   sagemaker
    #   tensorflow
gradio==4.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==0.7.0
    # via gradio
greenlet==3.0.1
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.59.3
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via mlflow
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h5py==3.10.0
    # via tensorflow
htmldate==1.6.0
    # via trafilatura
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via httpx
httpx==0.25.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   llama-index
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.17.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   coloredlogs
    #   executor
    #   property-manager
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.33.0
    # via scikit-image
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   sagemaker
    #   streamlit
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via
    #   awscliv2
    #   gradio
ipykernel==6.27.1
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via m3u8
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   flask
    #   gradio
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mlflow
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydeck
    #   skypilot
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.20.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   sagemaker
    #   skypilot
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.2
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.11.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.9
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
justext==3.0.0
    # via trafilatura
keras==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.0.345
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.0.9
    # via langchain
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via courlan
langsmith==0.0.69
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
lazy-loader==0.3
    # via scikit-image
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow
lightning-utilities==0.10.0
    # via torchmetrics
llama-cpp-python==0.2.20
    # via -r requirements.in
llama-index==0.9.11.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
llvmlite==0.41.1
    # via numba
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via python-daemon
luigi==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==4.9.3
    # via
    #   htmldate
    #   justext
    #   trafilatura
m3u8==3.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mako==1.3.0
    # via alembic
markdown==3.5.1
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gradio
    #   mediapipe
    #   mlflow
    #   pycocotools
    #   seaborn
    #   supervision
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mediapipe==0.10.8
    # via -r requirements.in
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
ml-dtypes==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
mlflow==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
model-archiver==1.0.3
    # via multi-model-server
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multi-model-server==1.1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via pathos
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   llama-index
networkx==3.2.1
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   skypilot
    #   torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via llama-index
notebook==7.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.58.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   face-alignment
numpy==1.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   face-alignment
    #   gradio
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   langchain
    #   llama-cpp-python
    #   llama-index
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapipe
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   mlflow
    #   numba
    #   opencv-contrib-python
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pycocotools
    #   pydeck
    #   sagemaker
    #   sagemaker-inference
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
    #   supervision
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tifffile
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.2.26
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.18.1
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.3.101
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   requests-oauthlib
openai==1.3.7
    # via llama-index
opencv-contrib-python==4.8.1.78
    # via mediapipe
opencv-python==4.8.1.78
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   face-alignment
opencv-python-headless==4.8.1.78
    # via supervision
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
orjson==3.9.10
    # via gradio
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   docker
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   sagemaker
    #   scikit-image
    #   skypilot
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorflow
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   llama-index
    #   mlflow
    #   sagemaker
    #   seaborn
    #   skypilot
    #   streamlit
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
paramiko==3.3.1
    # via sshtunnel
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathos==0.3.1
    # via sagemaker
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via skypilot
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.1.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   multi-model-server
    #   scikit-image
    #   streamlit
    #   supervision
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   sagemaker
plotly==5.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pox==0.3.3
    # via pathos
ppft==1.7.6.7
    # via pathos
prettytable==3.9.0
    # via skypilot
prometheus-client==0.19.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.41
    # via ipython
property-manager==3.0
    # via executor
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   mediapipe
    #   mlflow
    #   sagemaker
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.9.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   multi-model-server
    #   sagemaker-inference
    #   skypilot
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pulp==2.7.0
    # via skypilot
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==14.0.1
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   streamlit
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycocotools==2.0.7
    # via torchmetrics
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.5.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.14.5
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.8.1b0
    # via streamlit
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pyjwt==2.8.0
    # via databricks-cli
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
python-daemon==3.0.1
    # via luigi
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   dateparser
    #   htmldate
    #   jupyter-client
    #   luigi
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
    #   streamlit
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   skypilot
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via gradio
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   mlflow
    #   pandas
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via pendulum
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   mlflow
    #   sagemaker
    #   skypilot
    #   supervision
    #   transformers
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
querystring-parser==1.2.4
    # via mlflow
referencing==0.31.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2023.10.3
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   docker
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   llama-index
    #   mlflow
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   skypilot
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboard
    #   tiktoken
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
retrying==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sagemaker-inference
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.0
    # via
    #   skypilot
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.13.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.8.2
    # via
    #   awscli
    #   boto3
safetensors==0.4.1
    # via transformers
sagemaker==2.198.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sagemaker-inference==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
schema==0.7.5
    # via sagemaker
scikit-image==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   face-alignment
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
scipy==1.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   face-alignment
    #   mlflow
    #   sagemaker-inference
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   supervision
seaborn==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   databricks-cli
    #   executor
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   querystring-parser
    #   retrying
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   sagemaker-inference
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
skypilot[aws]==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
smdebug-rulesconfig==1.0.1
    # via sagemaker
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sounddevice==0.4.6
    # via mediapipe
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy[asyncio]==2.0.23
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   langchain
    #   llama-index
    #   mlflow
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via mlflow
sshtunnel==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
streamlit==1.29.0
    # via -r requirements.in
supervision==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   databricks-cli
    #   skypilot
tblib==1.7.0
    # via sagemaker
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   llama-index
    #   luigi
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
tensorboard==2.15.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.15.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.34.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2023.9.26
    # via scikit-image
tiktoken==0.5.2
    # via llama-index
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tld==0.13
    # via courlan
tokenizers==0.14.1
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tomlkit==0.12.0
    # via gradio
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
torch==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   face-alignment
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchvision
torchmetrics[detection]==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
torchvision==0.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchmetrics
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   luigi
    #   notebook
    #   streamlit
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   face-alignment
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   transformers
trafilatura==1.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.14.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.34.1
    # via -r requirements.in
triton==2.1.0
    # via torch
typer[all]==0.9.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   typer
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.14
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   aiostream
    #   alembic
    #   altair
    #   async-lru
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   llama-cpp-python
    #   llama-index
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   skypilot
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   llama-index
tzlocal==5.2
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   streamlit
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   courlan
    #   databricks-cli
    #   docker
    #   htmldate
    #   requests
    #   sagemaker
    #   skypilot
    #   trafilatura
uvicorn==0.24.0.post1
    # via gradio
validators==0.22.0
    # via streamlit
verboselogs==1.7
    # via property-manager
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via
    #   prettytable
    #   prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   jupyter-server
websockets==11.0.3
    # via gradio-client
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.42.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   skypilot
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   tensorflow
yarl==1.9.3
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
